fix: rewrite .ts to .js when rewriteRelativeImportExtensions enabled (svelte-package) (#14936)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/fresh-pants-camp.md

---
'@sveltejs/package': patch
---

> fix: transform `.ts` extensions to `.js` in import/export statements when using `allowImportingTsExtensions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: transform `.ts` extensions to `.js` in import/export statements of Svelte files when using `rewriteRelativeImportExtensions`
```
